README.rst, before:

====================
Convert JWPCE to CSV
====================

Converts files of JWPCE dictionary entries to an Anki importable CSV.

**Note** this has most recently specifically been tested on python 3.6.7. Using
python 2.7 is not supported.

Where JWPCE_ is a Windows based Japanese text input and dictionary program
and Anki_ is a flash card program.

.. _JWPCE: http://www.physics.ucla.edu/~grosenth/jwpce.html
.. _Anki: http://ankisrs.net/

There are two types of definitions:

1. kanji [kana] translations
2. kana translations

This program will output:

1. kanji, "kana (html) newline translations"
2. kana, "translations"

As well as a reversed version where the translation is the "front" and the
japanese is the "back".

**Note** The JWPCE files must be in utf-8 format, not the default it uses.
That's another job for the future.

------------
Installation
------------

Run::

    pip install -r requirements.txt

-----
Usage
-----

    Python cli.py infile.txt outfile.csv

-------
Testing
-------

While conventional python unit testing uses "self.assert" I find this to be
verbose for simple cases, so instead use assert unless there is a reason not
to like with "assertRaises".

This uses py.test as the test runner. Nose should still work, but will require
extra effort to get things like coverage in place.

To install py.test run::

    pip install -r requirements-dev.txt

After running the following command in the main directory will run the test::

    py.test

This will run the tests, run coverage, and run flake8 as a linter. The
settings for this can be found in the "setup.cfg" file.

----
TODO
----

* Update to work with the default JWPCE encoding.
* Update coverage, although the gui code might be problematic.

Commit message:

Update to support a new non-jwpce format.
Also fixed some other things. I'm not sure what happened to the GUI, but
the input line was missing as was the file opener.

The tests have been moved to better follow packaging guidelines.

README.rst, after:

====================
Convert JWPCE to CSV
====================

Converts files of JWPCE dictionary entries to an Anki importable CSV.

**Note** this has most recently specifically been tested on python 3.6.7. Using
python 2.7 is not supported.

Where JWPCE_ is a Windows based Japanese text input and dictionary program
and Anki_ is a flash card program.

.. _JWPCE: http://www.physics.ucla.edu/~grosenth/jwpce.html
.. _Anki: http://ankisrs.net/

There are two types of definitions:

1. kanji [kana] translations
2. kana translations

This program will output:

1. kanji, "kana (html) newline translations"
2. kana, "translations"

As well as a reversed version where the translation is the "front" and the
Japanese is the "back".

**Note** The JWPCE files must be in utf-8 format, not the default it uses.
That's another job for the future.

-----------
Development
-----------

Install requirements::

    pip install -r requirements.txt
    pip install -r requirements-dev.txt

Install the package locally::

    pip install -e .

This will allow using the entry points from the setup.py file.

Running the command line version::

    jwpce_convert

Running the gui version::

    jwpce_convert_gui

------------------
Command Line Usage
------------------

    jwpce_convert [-h] [--output OUTPUT] [--force] input

-------
Testing
-------

This uses py.test as the test runner.  The requirements are included in
requirements-dev.txt.

After installing those in the main directory run::

    py.test tests

This will run the tests, run coverage, and run flake8 as a linter. The
settings for this can be found in the "setup.cfg" file.

----
TODO
----

* Update to work with the default JWPCE encoding.
* Update coverage, although the gui code might be problematic.
